Concepts review (#72)
recognai/rubrix: docs/getting_started/concepts.rst

Concepts
========

> In this section, we will introduce Rubrix basic concepts and the methods of the Python library that implement them. They are the way in which us, the users, communicate with the service, so it's important to understand what's happening behind the curtain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we introduce the core concepts of Rubrix. These concepts are important for understanding how to interact with the tool and its core Python client.
```

> We have two main subsections: Rubrix data model (explaining those main concepts Rubrix is built around) and Python client API methods (which implement those concepts and data structures).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two main sections: Rubrix data model and Python client API methods.
```

Author: me fui por las ramas jajjaja
